Since I was a boy, whenever I saw
a blank piece of paper,
I felt like drawing something.
I was born in 1925
in Lillehammer, Norway.
My father received a brochure.
He was not that religious,
but after reading it,
he started preaching straightaway.
Our family and neighbors
didn’t like it at all,
but I listened to him
because he spoke about a paradise earth.
I found my father’s bag
and thought to myself,
‘Now it’s time for me to try.’
I also started telling
my classmates about it.
They all decided to make fun of me,
but one of them changed his attitude;
he listened.
After the war, it was possible
for both of us to travel by train
to Oslo to get baptized.
Later on, I returned
to Oslo to attend an art school.
At the same time,
I attended all the meetings.
There I met a former full-time minister,
and he said to me,
“The happiest time
of my life was when I was
in the traveling work,
visiting the brothers.”
It got me thinking,
‘Maybe that could be me one day.’
I got a lot of work
as a painter in my hometown,
and gradually I became known as an artist.
But it took too much of my time.
I knew Matthew 24:14
and that the Kingdom should be preached.
And I thought:
‘I need to do my part.
I can’t just stand by
and let others do the work.’
So I decided to start pioneering.
Now I’ve been
in the full-time ministry for about 70 years.
My life has been meaningful.
I have many good friends,
inner peace, and joy.
At a convention, I met Edith.
She has always been encouraging
—actually, very encouraging.
After doing traveling work for several years,
I wanted to return
to Lillehammer to pioneer
and see if I could be of any use there,
and I found more than enough work to do.
I still paint occasionally.
Sometimes you get these ideas
you really want to put on the canvas.
I look forward to a paradise earth
with peaceful,
smiling people
who are joyful and happy.